remove image with old dbt logo (#4756)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/description.md

- analyses, and analysis columns
- macros, and macro arguments

> These descriptions are used in the documentation website rendered by dbt (see [the documentation guide](/docs/collaborate/documentation)). 

Author: i didn't realize `description` was for explorer, as well as dbt docs because of this sentence. i wonder if this'll need updating at some point.

Reviewer: I think it makes sense to mention that it will show both in dbt docs and in dbt Explorer

> These descriptions are used in the documentation website rendered by dbt (see [the documentation guide](/docs/collaborate/documentation)). 

Author: ```suggestion
These descriptions are used in the documentation website rendered by dbt (refer to [the documentation guide](/docs/collaborate/documentation) or [dbt Explorer](/docs/collaborate/explore-projects)). 
```

### Include an image from your repo in your descriptions

> If you're developing with dbt Core, you can include an image from your repository in your descriptions. dbt Cloud users can [include an image from the web](#include-an-image-from-the-web-in-your-descriptions):

Author: ```suggestion
If you're developing with dbt Core, you can include an image from your repository in your descriptions. 

dbt Cloud users can [include an image from the web](#include-an-image-from-the-web-in-your-descriptions):
```

</File>

3. Run `dbt docs generate` — the `assets` directory will be copied to the `target` directory

4. Run `dbt docs serve` — the image will be rendered as part of your project documentation:

If mixing images and text, also consider using a docs block.

> ### Include an image from the web in your descriptions

Author: @joellabes do you know whether both cloud and core users can do this? or only cloud users can incl an image from the web?

Reviewer 2: ~If anything, it'll be the opposite and cloud users won't be able to use images from the web due to CORS restrictions.~ [Discussed here](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C04HJR9B69H/p1705017810057809?thread_ts=1705017455.550139&cid=C04HJR9B69H)

Author: ah ok, but for explorer right @joellabes ? for dbt docs, it'll still be the same? i thought this doc was for dbt docs per the comment [above](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/4756/files#r1455257657) but now realize it's for both explorer and dbt docs!
